[Officium] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Common of Popes

[Missa] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Si diligis

[Oratio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Look forgivingly on thy flock, Eternal Shepherd, and keep it in thy constant protection, by the intercession of blessed N. thy Sovereign Pontiff, whom thou didst constitute Shepherd of the whole Church.
$Per Dominum

[Oratio pro commemoratio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
O God, who dost rescue thy Church, built on the solid Apostolic rock, from terror of the gates of hell, grant we pray, that through the intercession of blessed N. Supreme Pontiff, it may continue in thy truth and may be fortified by continued security.
$Per Dominum

[Oratio pro plurium] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
v. Look forgivingly on thy flock, Eternal Shepherd, and keep it in thy constant protection, by the intercession of blessed N. and N. thy Sovereign Pontiffs, whom thou didst constitute Shepherds of the whole Church.
$Per Dominum

[Lectio7] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
From the Holy Gospel according to Matthew
!Matt 16:13-19
At that time: When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that I the Son of man am? And so on.
_
A Homily by St. Leo the Pope
!Sermo 2 in anniversario assumpt. suæ ante medium
When the Lord, as we read in the Gospel, asked his disciples who did men, amid their diverse speculations, believe him the Son of Man to be, blessed Peter answered and said: Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God. And the Lord answered and said unto him: Blessed art thou, Simon Bar-Jona: for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father, which is in heaven: and I say also unto thee: That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it; and I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. But the dispensation of truth perdures, and blessed Peter, persevering in the strength of the rock which he hath received, hath not relinquished the position he assumed at the helm of the Church.

[Lectio8] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
In the universal Church it is as if Peter were still saying every day: Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God. For every tongue which confesseth the Lord is taught that confession by the teaching of Peter. This is the Faith that overcometh the devil and looseth the bonds of his prisoners. This is the Faith which maketh men free of the world and bringeth them to heaven, and the gates of hell are impotent to prevail against it. This is the rock which God hath fortified with such ramparts of salvation, that the contagion of heresy will never be able to infect it, nor idolatry and unbelief to overcome it. And therefore, dearly beloved, we celebrate today’s festival with reasonable obedience, that in my humble person he may be acknowledged and honoured who doth continue to care for all the shepherds as well as sheep entrusted unto him, and who doth lose none of his dignity even in an unworthy successor.

[Lectio9] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
When, therefore, we address our exhortations to your godly ears, believe ye that ye are hearing him speak whose office we are discharging. Yea, it is with his love for you that we warn you. And we preach unto you no other thing than that which he taught, entreating you as did he: Gird up the loins of your mind; be sober; be ye holy in all manner of living; pass the time of your sojourning here in the fear of God. My disciples, dearly beloved, ye are to me as the disciples of the Apostle Paul were to him, namely: My crown and joy; if so be that your faith, abide, still in all lowliness and holiness, like unto the first times of the Gospel. For although the whole Church, which is in all the world, should indeed abound in all the virtues, it becometh especially you among all others to excel in acts of piety, founded as ye be on the very citadel of the Apostolic Rock ye who have not only been redeemed with the rest of men by our Lord Jesus Christ, but who have been instructed by the blessed Apostle Peter far beyond all others.
&teDeum

[Introitus] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
!John 21:15-17
v. If thou lovest me, Simon Peter, feed my lambs, feed my sheep. (Allelúja, allelúja.)
!Ps 29:2
v.  I will extol thee, O Lord, for thou hast upheld me: and hast not made my enemies to rejoice over me.
&Gloria
v. If thou lovest me, Simon Peter, feed my lambs, feed my sheep. (Allelúja, allelúja.)

[Lectio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Lesson from the first letter of St Peter the Apostle
!1 Pet 5:1-4; 5:10-11.
Dearly beloved brethren: The ancients therefore that are among you, I beseech, who am myself also an ancient, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ: as also a partaker of that glory which is to be revealed in time to come: Feed the flock of God which is among you, taking care of it, not by constraint, but willingly, according to God: not for filthy lucre's sake, but voluntarily: Neither as lording it over the clergy, but being made a pattern of the flock from the heart. And when the prince of pastors shall appear, you shall receive a never fading crown of glory. But the God of all grace, who hath called us into his eternal glory in Christ Jesus, after you have suffered a little, will himself perfect you, and confirm you, and establish you. To him be glory and empire for ever and ever. Amen.

[GradualeP] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Allelúja, allelúja.
!Matt 16:18
And I say to thee: That thou art Peter; and upon this rock I will build My Church. Allelúja.
!Ps 44:17-18.
Thou shalt make them princes over all the earth. They shall remember thy name throughout all generations. Therefore shall people praise thee for ever; yea, for ever and ever. Allelúja.

[Tractus] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
!Ps 106:32; 106:31
v. And let them exalt him in the church of the people: and praise him in the chair of the ancients.
V. Let the mercies of the Lord give glory to him, and his wonderful works to the children of men.
!Ps 39:10-11
v. I have declared thy justice in a great church, lo, I will not restrain my lips : O Lord, thou knowest it. 
V. I have not hid thy justice within my heart : I have declared thy truth and thy salvation.
V. I have not concealed thy mercy and thy truth from a great council.

[Offertorium] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
!Jer 1:9-10
v. Behold I have given my words in thy mouth: Lo, I have set thee over the nations, and over the kingdoms, to root up, and pull down, and to waste, and to destroy, and to build, and to plant. (Allelúja.)

[Secreta] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
By the offered gifts we beseech thee, O Lord, that thou kindly enlighten thy Church, so that thy flock may everywhere progress and prosper, and thy shepherds, under thy guidance may be pleasing to thy name.
$Per Dominum

[Secreta pro commemoratio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
In thy kindness, O Lord, receive the gifts which we have joyfully offered thee, and grant through the intercession of blessed N., that thy Church may rejoice in soundness of faith, and ever be gladdened by days of peacefulness.
$Per Dominum

[Postcommunio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Being appeased, O Lord, guide thy Church, which has been nourished by holy refreshment, that under thy direction and powerful rule it may receive increase of liberty and may continue in religious integrity.
$Per Dominum

[Postcommunio pro commemoratio] (communi Summorum Pontificum)
Multiply, we beseech thee, O Lord, in thy Church the spirit of grace which tho hast bestowed, that by intercession of blessed N. Supreme Pontiff, the obedience of the flock shall not fail the shepherd, nor the care of the shepherd be wanting to the flock.
$Per Dominum
